feat(docs/guides) Added NextJS guide (#838)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/getting-started/setup/next-js.mdx

![Application Preview](./assets/next-js/next-js-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

## Create the Frontend

[Next.js] is a React Framework that comes with both Server-Side Rendering (SSR) and Static-Site Generation (SSG) capabilities. To make Next.js work with Tauri we are going to use the SSG mode since it generates only static files that can be included in the final binary.

Next.js comes with a scaffolding utility similar to [`create-tauri-app`] that can quickly setup a new project from a number of pre-defined templates.
For this guide we will use the TypeScript template to create a simple project.

<Tabs groupId="package-manager">
  <TabItem value="npm">

```shell
npx create-next-app@latest --use-npm --typescript
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="Yarn">

```shell
yarn create next-app --typescript
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="pnpm">

```shell
pnpm create next-app --use-pnpm --typescript
```

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

1. _Project name_  
   This will be the name of your project. It corresponds to the name of the folder this utility will create but has otherwise no effect on your app. You can use any name you want here.

> When starting the frontend via the `next-app` command, Next.js will look for a config file named `next.config.js` inside the project root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting or building the frontend, Next.js will look for a config file named `next.config.js` inside the project root.
```
it's not next-app, but dev/build/export/start, this is the best idea i had to somehow make that clearer.

We want to customize this file to get the best compatibility with Tauri.

Update the file with the following content:

```typescript title=next.config.js
/** @type {import('next').NextConfig} */

const nextConfig = {
  reactStrictMode: true,
  swcMinify: true,
  // Note: This experimental feature is required to use NextJS Image in SSG mode.

>   // You can see other workaround https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-image-api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // See https://nextjs.org/docs/messages/export-image-api for different workarounds.
```

>   experimental: {
>     images: {
>       unoptimized: true,
>     },
>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  images: {
    unoptimized: true,
  },
```

was stabilized a few days ago.

}

module.exports = nextConfig
```

> To be able to build in production we must add `next export` command in `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to build in production we must add a `next export` command in `package.json`.
```

This will produce a static HTML/JavaScript version of your Next.js application in the `out` folder.
We'll also add the `tauri` command to `package.json`.

> You `package.json` should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your `package.json` should look like this:
```

```json title=package.json
{
  "scripts": {
    "dev": "next dev",
    "build": "next build",
    "export": "next export",
    "start": "next start",
    "tauri": "tauri",
    "lint": "next lint"
  },
```

## Next.js in SSG mode

The "benefit" of using SSG mode is pre-rendered React code in static HTML/JavaScript. This means your page can load faster.

> React doesn't have to render the HTML on client side, on the first load it will just hydrate it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
React doesn't have to render the HTML on the client-side but will hydrate it on the first load if needed.
```
idk still sounds a little weird

:::

## Create the Rust Project

<TauriInit
  destDirExplination='Use "../out" for this value.'
  devPathExplination='Use "http://localhost:3000" for this value.'
  beforeBuildCommandExplination='Use "npm run build && npm run export" for this value.'
  beforeDevCommandExplination='Use "npm run dev" for this value.'
/>

Now that we have scaffolded our frontend and initialized the Rust project you're almost ready to run your app. Your `tauri.conf.json` file should look something like this:

```json title=src-tauri/tauri.conf.json
{
  "build": {
    "beforeBuildCommand": "npm run build && npm run export",
    "beforeDevCommand": "npm run dev",
    "devPath": "http://localhost:3000",
    "distDir": "../out"
  },
```

And that's it! Now you can run the following command in your terminal to start a development build of your app:

<Command name="dev" />

![Application Window](./assets/next-js/next-js-dev-light.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![Application Window](./assets/next-js/next-js-dev-dark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

## Invoke Commands

<Commands />

> To call our newly created command we will use the [`@tauri-apps/api`] JavaScript library. It provides access to core functionality such as windows, the filesystem, and more through convenient JavaScript abstractions. You can install it using your favorite JavaScript package manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To call our newly created command we will use the [`@tauri-apps/api`] JavaScript library. It provides access to core functionality such as window manipulation, the filesystem, and more through convenient JavaScript abstractions. You can install it using your favorite JavaScript package manager:
```

<InstallTauriApi />

With the library installed, you can modify your `pages/index.ts` file to call the Command:

```typescript title=pages/index.tsx
import { invoke } from '@tauri-apps/api/tauri'

// Note: When working with Next.js in development you have 2 execution contexts:
// - In server side where Tauri cannot be called because it's out of the context.
// - In client side where Tauri can be executed.
// To know if we are in server or client side we can do the following:
const isClient = typeof window !== 'undefined'

// Now we can call our Command!
// Right-click on the application background and open the developer tools.
// You will see "Hello, World!" printed in the console!
isClient &&
  invoke('greet', { name: 'World' }).then(console.log).catch(console.error)
```

> A better approche will be to use Tauri calls in `componentDidMount` or `useEffect` that are only run in client side by [Next.js].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A better approach would be to use Tauri calls in `componentDidMount` or `useEffect` that are only run on the client-side by [Next.js].
```
